chore(ui-kit): add top-level storybook link to docs (#2181)
commercetools/ui-kit: README.md

> If you are building **Custom Applications** for the Merchant Center, be sure to check out our [documentation](https://docs.commercetools.com/custom-applications)

> > An interactive collection of UI Kit components can be found [in our Storybook](https://uikit.commercetools.com/?path=/story/introduction--getting-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Interactive documentation of UI Kit components can be found [in our Storybook](https://uikit.commercetools.com/?path=/story/introduction--getting-started)
```
